central Q:
Q1 how do language related studies show that "the resources needed to express all concepts humans can represent are available throughout development, even at the beginning"?
//what's the "core cognition" revealed in language studies?

Q2 how does the acquisition of language changes the way people learn concepts? (first of all, without language, how to empirically approach the "concept"? -- can those study on prelinguistic infants apply to animals and study animal concept??)
I would think it as: 
1) before language is acquired, concepts are fuzzy and not distinctive from each other 
2) after having language we first study the name of a new concept. and we have an expectation that new concept should have a name (eg: naming some fuzzy behavior as "imposter syndrome" makes us feel good -- feels like it's more than bc concept provides some explanation)

Quine's doctrine of strong linguistic determinism: only after learning language. then adults have radically different representaitons.
Compared to my 1), "language determinism" is much stronger about how stupid infants are. Eg, they may argue children don't recognize "is" (~"same"). Is that true?

Q2.1 what are infants' "initial state" before language is acquired? 
We need evidence for both sides.
Q2.1.1 What are some "complicated concepts" they've already known?
eg: "is".  children "do have the expressive power to represent the is or same of numerical identity (they distinguish numerically distinct individual objects from each other)"

Q2.1.2 what does language change (add)?
[phenomenon: syntactic bootstrapping]
(Gleitman and her colleagues 2005) having learnt how vt and vi are used differently, will be able a new verb to be vt by identifying there's an noun followed by this verb. i.e. able to constraint the meaning of this concept by the syntactic constraint.
??what is semantic bootstrapping? can't understand. 
=> dispute: is this an innate ability or something learnt after learning language? 
--to my understanding, equivalent to ask: that prelinguistic children don't have the concept of vi/vt, countable/proper nouns? 

["lack of plural": cracker choice / box-search tasks]
infants succeeds at identifying "3 items" as "more than 1", but fails at 4 items, meaning they still don't have the concept that "all plurals are bigger than 1" (Feigenson & Carey, 2005).
--author says, "plural" is not included in "core cognition" system.
Then, does language acquisition makes them smarter?


“Quinian linguistic determinism may characterize the ontogenetic origin of some concepts” -- chp 8-11!

Q2.1 How is it that language comes to be integrated with nonlinguistic representations? (viewing language as an additional component for the preexisting concepts...eg, imprinted concept of "Caretaker")



-----
my randoms Q along reading:
-what are the "2 core concept systems"? (the first explicit lexical contrasts with quantificational force that children learn in English are singular/plural markers, such as the contrast between “is a X” and “are some Xs.” Even the singular/plural distinction is not naturally expressed in terms of the two core systems discussed in chapter 4.)
-what are the salient examples supporting that human are "language acquisition device (LAD)", or we are born prepared for language acquisition?
(broca area? how does it work during development -- or why it's not a consequence of language acquisition?)
----
other Qs not touched in this chapter but are relevant:
Q:  Will language learning leads speakers of different languages to think differently about the world?
