1-What is xxx?
1.1-What is the example of division of labour?
      In populations of Bacillus subtilis at stationary phase grown in liquid medium, a proportion of the cells produce and excrete proteases
that degrade proteins in the environment into smaller peptides, which can be used as nutrient sources5. As the proteases and their 
degradation products freely diffuse, the production of proteases is beneficial for the local cell population and not just for
the protease-secreting cells. 
1.1-Conceptually, what is division of labour in microbes? [concept def]
      (1)Individuals carry out different tasks (phenotypic variation); 
      (2)Some individuals carry out cooperative tasks that benefit other individuals (cooperation);
      (3)The division of tasks provides an "inclusive fitness" benefit to all of the individuals involved (adaptation).
      (Distinguish division of labour from cases in which phenotypic variation has arisen from self-interested traits, such as 
      diversification to exploit different niches, or when one phenotype evolves to exploit another.)
1.1.1-What are the parallel concepts? Contradictory concepts? What is not xxx? (same level) [paraconcept]
      Phenotypic variation (The behavior of one kind of phenotype may not benifit another one)
1.1.2-What constitutes xxx?/What are the components of xxx? (lower level) [subconcepts]
1.1.3-What factors will influence xxx? [factors]
1.1.4-(Based on above) What are the criterions of the operational definition of xxx? [def criterion]
1.1.5-(Based on above) What are the criterions of the neural substrate of xxx? [def criterion]

1.2-Why division of labor is favored by natural selection?
1.2.1-Why do not choose other stratigies, such as all cells carrying out that trait at a lower rate?
1.2.2-Why cheaters do not break this kind of division of labor by not produce but just absorb nutrient?
1.2.3-Why is division of labour favoured by natural selection in certain environments, for certain tasks, but not others?

1.3-What is the meaning of research it?
      A better understanding of multicellular formation.
      A better understanding of pathogen infection.
      The mechanistic (proximate) approach is to ask questions about how traits are controlled, such as what are the molecular or genetic 
      mechanisms that control a particular trait (how questions; BOX 1). The evolutionary (ultimate) approach is to ask questions about 
      the fitness consequences of that trait, and why it has been favoured by natural selection (why questions).

1.2-Empirically, what are the experimental paradigm to study xxx?
1.2.1-What animal system to study?
1.2.1.1-What are advantages and disadvantages?
eg: 
-behaviorally, easy to train, can do some specific task, have some feature behaviors; 
-biologically: easy to do genetic manipulation, simple neural system, easy to record....
1.2.2-What behavioral paradigm?
1.2.2.1-Is this paradigm good?
=>compare with [def criterion]
say, can it distinguish from other related concepts? can subcomponents of the concept being differentiated and measured separately? does that allow relevant manipulation?
If animal paradigm: how's that different from human?

2-What neural substrates are we looking at? (What level are we studying?) [structure]
2.1 Choose your description level
2.1.1-What scale?
molecular change? single neuron? 
neural population(of same location? same input/output? same neuromodulator? unsupervised clustering)?  
nerves? 
brain structure?
2.1.2-unit VS connection: projection? pathway? neuromodulator?
2.1.3-What feature of activity?
neuron: firing rate? spike train pattern? Calcium signal level?
connection: excitation/inhibition? how much?
2.2 define and characterize the structure
2.2.1 is the definition clear?
2.2.2 basic numbers: how many? size? shape?
2.2.3 What are the parallel structures? Input/output connection?(same level) [paraconcept]
2.2.4 What constitutes this structure? (lower level) [subconcepts]
2.3 What methodology do you use to measure that?
2.3.1 What are the limitations/caveat given this chosen methodology?

3-What are the relations between the neural substrate and xxx? [function]
//Starting to talk about relation means we are forming scientific arguments. (Definitions are not arguments and not really worth arguing about in the absence of relation of definitions) Thus, the following questions should be included in the “cycle of scientific study”, i.e.: data -> theory -> test of theory reliability and revision -> predictions -> generalization

3.1 Choose your description type
different disciplines have different preference
sensory neuroscience: tuning curve? receptive field? favorite stimuli?

following ways to push one step forward(to better description)
3.1.1 qualitative relation -> quantitative?
3.1.2 correlational -> causal? 
3.1.3 descriptional -> mechanistical?
3.1.4 population/trial average -> individual difference / trial-by-trial description?

3.2 Establish argument of relation


3.3 Check the theory
3.3.1 with data
3.3.1.1 Is there overfitting? underfitting?
3.3.1.2 Can the theory make new predictions?
3.3.1.3 Is there other aspects in data that has not been explained?

3.3.2 with other theories(if have)
3.3.2.1 Is it better than alternative competing theories?
3.3.2.2 Does it contradict to some more basic theories?

3.3.3 with other levels of knowledge
ethologically meaningful? (i.e. good for better life/survive?)
computationally meaningful? 
are algorithms implementable? 
