1-What is xxx?
1.1-What is the example of division of labour?
      In populations of Bacillus subtilis at stationary phase grown in liquid medium, a proportion of the cells produce and excrete proteases
that degrade proteins in the environment into smaller peptides, which can be used as nutrient sources5. As the proteases and their 
degradation products freely diffuse, the production of proteases is beneficial for the local cell population and not just for
the protease-secreting cells. 
1.2-Conceptually, what is division of labour in microbes? [concept def]
      (1)Individuals carry out different tasks (phenotypic variation); 
      (2)Some individuals carry out cooperative tasks that benefit other individuals (cooperation);
      (3)The division of tasks provides an "inclusive fitness" benefit to all of the individuals involved (adaptation).
      (Distinguish division of labour from cases in which phenotypic variation has arisen from self-interested traits, such as 
      diversification to exploit different niches, or when one phenotype evolves to exploit another.)
1.2.1-What are the parallel concepts? Contradictory concepts? What is not xxx? (same level) [paraconcept]
      (1)Phenotypic variation (The behavior of one kind of phenotype may not benifit another one), but just for self-benifit, not cooperate.
      (2)Our definition also excludes cases in which cells can be divided between different lineages, whereby some lineages exhibit 
      cooperative behaviour and others do not carry out, or carry out less of, the cooperative tasks. This division of labour do not 
      provide an "inclusive fitness" benefit to all of the individuals involved.
1.2.2-What constitutes xxx?/What are the components of xxx? (lower level) [subconcepts]
1.2.3-What factors will influence xxx? [factors]
      (1)The relative returns from different tasks could vary depending on the physiological condition or size of the cell
      (2)Existence of Cheater
1.2.4-(Based on above) What are the criterions of the operational definition of xxx? [def criterion]
      (1) It must be shown that there is phenotypic variation, with different individuals specializing to carry out different tasks.
      (2) Strains that carry out the trait can be grown better in monocultures than in mixed cultures with genetically manipulated strains
      that carry out less of, or do not carry out, the trait. (Thus, pheotype variation cannot be caused by genetic variation)
      Tips: It is necessary to test whether a trait is cooperative in the environmental conditions under which that trait evolved, or as near
      to it as possible.
1.2.5-(Based on above) What are the criterions of the neural substrate of xxx? [def criterion]

1.3-Why division of labor is favored by natural selection?
1.3.1-Why do not choose other stratigies, such as all cells carrying out that trait at a lower rate?
      Two conditions must be met:
      (1)There is an efficiency benefit from having different individuals carry out different tasks 
      Assuming linear costs per unit invested into a task, this requires that the slope of the relationship between the proportion of 
      resources that a cell allocates to a task and the fitness return is accelerating. (e.g: Division of labor exist in Anabaena cylindrica)
      (A major problem in the study of division of labour is the lack of experimental data showing that the fitness return is accelerating)
      (2)The reproductive interests of the different individuals are aligned, such that cooperation is favoured: e.g. kin selection
      (high relatedness)
1.3.2-Why cheaters do not break this kind of division of labor by not produce but just absorb nutrient?
      (1)Alignment of benifit
1.3.3-Why is division of labour favoured by natural selection in certain environments, for certain tasks, but not others? (e.g: Division of 
labor exist in Anabaena cylindrica, a kind of cyanobacteria, but not in Trichodesmium erythraeum, another kind of cyanobacteria.)
1.4-What is the meaning of research it?
      A better understanding of multicellular formation.
      A better understanding of pathogen infection.
      Tips: The mechanistic (proximate) approach is to ask questions about how traits are controlled, such as what are the molecular or genetic 
      mechanisms that control a particular trait (how questions; BOX 1). The evolutionary (ultimate) approach is to ask questions about 
      the fitness consequences of that trait, and why it has been favoured by natural selection (why questions).
