job talk by Andrew Miri
Q: role of motor cortex in motor execution?

1 two contradictory views
1-1 only learning, not execution
behav evidence: bilateral leison doesn't affect learnt movement
1-2 execution also matters
neural evidence: cortical firing => muscle 

Q: when & how is cortex involved?
hypothesis: (1) time scale matters (2) movement should be complicated enough, esp with precision
1 animal and paradigms?
mouse, precision pull(hard...)/treadmill walking(cortex not needed for behaviour)
2 intervention of cortical function?
2.1 injecting blockers-> behav?
2.2 optogenetically activate/inhibit interneurons in motor cortex -> muscle EMG?
-different muscles?
-for differen tasks?
--diff latency of muscle interuption after shedding light --so what does that mean???
simply speaking: 2 mechanisms of cortical interaction
3. mechanism(neural pathway from cortex -> muscle)?
hypo A. different populations controling different tasks
A.1 concrete hypothesis?
bias of populations or two distinct population
A.2 test hypo?
how to characterize population? 
--here: scaling of neural firing / muscle firing for each single neuron
A.3 result?
not like that 

hypo B. different population temporal correlation (instead of overall change of firing)
B.1 concrete hypothesis?
correlation during the whole time; can be orthogonal trajectories for differently correlated neurons(like, PC 1 for task1 & PC 1 for task2)
B.2 test hypo?
correlation matrix during two behaviors
B.3 result?
yes, very different correlation
B.4 how to that interpret that result?
-is it just bc random sample? --check with real randomly correlated population. turns out neural data are more random than that...
-seems to say the connectivity has changed dramatically when you switch behav task?

Further questions:
-how generalizable of these 2 behaviour paradigms? Why are they so different? Are all behaviours very different?
-circuit mechanism: why does certain correlation patterns results in different latency?
-what are other hypothesis?

